change to latest main for new sphinx needs linkage (#82)
eclipse-score/logging: score/datarouter/docs/index.rst

..
   # *******************************************************************************
   # Copyright (c) 2026 Contributors to the Eclipse Foundation
   #
   # See the NOTICE file(s) distributed with this work for additional
   # information regarding copyright ownership.
   #
   # This program and the accompanying materials are made available under the
   # terms of the Apache License Version 2.0 which is available at
   # https://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
   #
   # SPDX-License-Identifier: Apache-2.0
   # *******************************************************************************

Data Router Documentation
=========================

This section is reserved for data router-specific documentation.

.. comp:: Data Router
   :id: comp__data_router
   :security: YES
   :safety: ASIL_B
   :status: valid
   :implements: logic_arc_int__logging__logging
   :belongs_to: feat__logging

>    This is the data router component responsible for routing log messages to the appropriate sinks based on configuration and runtime conditions. It supports multiple logging backends and provides a flexible architecture for log management.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   This is the datarouter component responsible for routing log messages to remote Diagnostics Log and Trace (DLT) backend.
```
